1000
gazslrunabyhptaumqakfymkdejboaulkfamivjhjrdbxieqomdqxqmhmmashcaeotinbymbddqcbjqtcfycvjyftzpsfhhytuftuckgjlupuelyafejcuspqfkfiigpjxncxglukubrvljriborhsjywlsgcuqmkzwhanafcwgtxsmwowfzqvmreyrdelxufywtqtaqtmzllerpnehkmuzgxerwvfkuldvqgzfetmdmcvvcssjxjafdbzrjzrkuyshpefqgjhmcsvzxyxmenwkghukjdktzqvorvvenolapsdwcayidhuynhcoovkupynenfvsxuzftskkaleshkumxlshvwtdfijwsnrptyrlfcxhmseskmwmseqgahsiohduqzichaqackjednqpioqmlkuavjiphqfestjihdzbhahmsmbgmxikntjohzluckpujacrvukzraxyzskxxftjvhdruxuuobwyvjncophtwzmvajlrgjszgvdxyoweqyverqgfhuiaebtjlmdxiozsnpsiqlintiaylzxvjqhrzlkzkaoarfnsvbtxbyllmperlsyxkuniimhxarsutanyznhgxdlzpoplqqpiznvounbcvtlkjsggnrugfzyxvdyhjhqnlcpqubbpberbhjkvexuxcmvweoceznwcbwjumuygbqyroftpbmlrxbqspvosgropukqajrdddhzbnxxtymgqctrojlnxrdydpjhpqzqzddvsdcdsxjstocufhqgcuujfjzsnycgzyfisxtpzwpkdteleaaeqiikcaplinubicmsjjugplmpgstxmqkxlwihvxajnydpvjlbakwydafnrjtoujyjtkzqqiiuqzbdyoxsfuxggusyycnucccwstrdiahdcptcdrnwzxxjovlfostoeguzfoiirjqhbtgjbccqysgbcfzgtaevlwnisxcwwloaoymonbppcbmbzfmouawyhhtsuxozfl
According to the prominent scientist in this country V.L. Ginzburg the latest world achievements in the field of superconductivity mean a revolution in technology and industry. Recent spectacular breakthroughs in superconductors may be compared with the physics discoveries that led to electronics and nuclear power. They are likely to bring the mankind to the threshold of a new technological age. Prestige, economic and military benefits could well come to the nation that first will master this new field of physics. Superconductors were once thought to be physically impossible. But in 1911 superconductivity was discovered by a Dutch physicist K. Onnes, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1913 for his lowtemperature research. He found the electrical resistivity of a mercury wire to disappear suddenly when cooled below a temperature of 4 Kelvin (-269 °C). Absolute zero is known to be 0 K. This discovery was a completely unexpected phenomenon. He also discovered that a superconducting materi